---
title: IT Contact completes IT testing Process
layout: post
author: eduguidepfl
permalink: /it-contact-completes-it-testing-process/
source-id: 1a-XuypRuLwnnFbmLXM7Pb-3ylmCbuvmdIUpDywe-mcM
published: true
---
# Coach requests IT Test### Send Invitation

Given that I am viewing the IT Contact Invite PageWhen I enter an email address into the field labeled "Add Email to Invite" {eduguidepfl+VarfolomeiValter@gmail.com}And select a coach roleAnd click "Send Invite"Then the invitation confirmation modal appears

###### Confirm invitation				Given that I am viewing the invitation confirmation modalWhen I enter a custom messageAnd click "Send Invite"Then the modal clearsAnd the system responds, "Your invitations have been processed and necessary emails sent out."###### User Responds to team invitation			Given that the invitation arrives in my inboxWhen I click on the link "Join [Team name] Now"Then I am taken to the siteAnd asked "Do you have an account?"###### Decision TreeGiven that I am viewing the Decision TreeAnd, the page says, "In order to process the invitation, you must first create an account or log into an existing account."And the page asks, "Do you have an account?"When I click, "No, Join"Then I am taken to the registration form###### Register for an accountGiven that I am on the registration form for IT ContactsWhen I enter my first nameAnd Last NameAnd Job TitleAnd Mobile PhoneAnd join code (pre-populated)And Email address (pre-populated)And confirm email address (pre-populated)and PasswordAnd Confirm Password (pre-populated)And I click "Join"	#/### IT Contact Completes IT Test Process# IT Contact Responds To Welcome screenGiven that I am on the Welcome Page in the IT Test WizardWhen I click on "Get Started"Then I am taken to the "Network" page##### IT Contact views Network window in IT Testing WizardWhen I click on "I've completed This"Then I am taken to the System Page##### IT Contact views System Wizard PageWhen I click on "Systems will meet these requirements"Then I am taken to the Compatibility page##### IT Contact views Compatibility pageWhen I view the compatibility pageThen a checkmark or an x appears next to "Javascript Supported"And "Cookies supported"And "AJAX Supported"And "HINCLUDE Supported"And "All Tests have completed successfully"And I am taken to the "Test" page when I click "Continue"##### IT Contact views the Test PageWhen I click "Start Path"Then I am taken to the IT Testing Path#### Test Path## User advances to first activity in the pathGiven that I have just uploaded a personal avatarWhen I click the "Next" arrowThen I am taken to the first activity in the path#### Testing EduGuide Path Functionality## EduGuide Over the next few slides we're going to have you test some of the features in the system the students will be using. Please make sure you are testing on a typical device a student may use and the same network connection they will be using. If you are not, please exit the Path using the menu which can be opened with the icon to the top left and try again from an appropriate device. The purpose of this exercise is to make sure the students will be able to use the system as expected.## EduGuide First let's test the comment functionality. In the comment field please enter some text and press return to save it. Once the comment has saved click the next button (right arrow) to continue. If you can not see the form, save a comment or see the next button, please let us know using the help system in the menu or by emailing web@eduguide.org.Comments## EduGuide Next we'll test that images display as expected. If the image in this slide does not load after a reasonable amount of time, please comment to let us know.Image## EduGuide Now we need to test that video playback works. Please try to play the video included on this slide. If the video is not visible or playback fails, please comment here to let us know what happened.Video## EduGuide This is an essay step typically used for longer answers. Please enter some text into the field, click save, then click the next button.Essay Step## EduGuide On this step you should see either see a PDF file displayed in place or a link to view the file. If you do not see either of these, please add a comment to let us know.Display Document/PDF## Thanks for running through this quick test for usIT Contact Test Check

